hey guys it's Jay stout with a simple
guide to the terrace of endless Springs
looking for raid find a boss number one
so this is actually consisted of three
bosses in one and there's a certain
coordi to it so the first guy you're
gonna kill us the protector now you only
want to kill one at a time because if
you try to Bailey down all three when
one dies they all heal up to full and
get two new abilities so that's why you
might actually kill them in a certain
order the first ones are protected so
while you're watching out again these
two abilities you want to watch out for
one is the cleansing waters now the
other elder will cast cleansing Warner's
with orders which actually heals them
and you can give this fellow a spell
steal this so we didn't actually notice
that right away so it was actually
healed the folk pretty quickly so you
need to actually instantly grabbed that
so I realized hey I'm supposed to do
that so now I have unlimited healing as
a mage or just absolutely awesome so you
want to make sure you spell Speidel that
the second abilities lightning Prince
prison which is done by a set of the
other elder like imprisoned goes around
a certain person they'll say oh I got
lightning prison if you have the boss
want and you want to walk away from the
raid because you're gonna get stunned
for a couple seconds and take damage to
make sure you walk away from the raid
because it also has a 7-yard I think a
of a radius otherwise that's really it
the bosses use normal bolting attacks
like water bolts and stuff and you can
interrupt those it's on to the second
book so the second boss you want to
balance l do regale use the second boss
and since the first one died they get
two new abilities so other regale get
some water orb that will summon in the
middle of the spot which it actually do
not even see during the raid so you see
that water fly a Leo rippln you need to
kill the orbs that gives them a
50-percent casting but then the next
ability is thunder storm which ad elder
regale will get and thunderstorm is a
really weird ability starts to storm in
a foot on top of them so you wanna stay
away then he starts it outside and then
it goes all the way outside over and
over again so what I did by accident
with Iran first time I ran back into the
storm so basically what you want to do
for thunderstorm is move away from the
boss about 10 yards once you see the
pulse run towards the boss and then
you'll avoid the rest pretty easily and
then that's pretty much it to phase 2 of
this fight then you go go on to the
third ball so just make sure you watch
now for the Lightning prisons the
thunderstorm keep the spelling the
healing buff and make sure you kill the
water orb which of course I did not
happen to see so on to the third phase
now the third phase everybody gets the
same
third buff attack so going to that I see
I've got dimension was if you kill the
water orb and you're near a don't get a
buff for twenty five percent tax speed
in haste last forces elder asani now
whichever boss you leave less they're
gonna get a shadow a weave that pulses
in stacks so this is basically a burn
phase you become as fast as possible
it's the same for no matter which order
you actually kill the boss isn't but
this is pretty much I think the easiest
order so far because the last guy just
heals himself and you can just steal the
heel and uses water bolts it's not even
a big deal actually cuz burn down the
boss before the stacks of shadows get
over you and that's pretty much it for
this fight so I thank you guys for
watching this if you've enjoyed this guy
blue thumbs it up if need any more other
raid finder guys there should be a link
or annotation on the screen I'll show
you where all my other great finding
guides are and something more wild
content and thanks for watching see you
guys next time